Israeli air strikes level residential
buildings in aluat in central
Gaza the dead and injured are brought to
Al AA Hospital many still lie beneath
the rubble of the buildings that
collapsed around
them we woke up around 3:15 a.m. after a
missile fell I went downstairs and found
all this destruction above our heads we
have no connection to any
organization two of my daughters were
killed four of my relatives also died
there were more than seven injured
including my father and my
sister amid all the Death doctors
managed to salvage
life this baby was rescued from the womb
of her pregnant mother killed in an
Israeli attack
overnight an immediate operation was
performed at the AL hospital after this
mother killed the baby now is in the
incubator department and he started his
life as an orphan who has no
mother dozens of people were killed the
hospital morg full of families forced to
say
goodbye they killed children and a
pregnant woman this is an unprecedented
crime the Israelis don't care about the
International Community or human
rights further south the Israeli Army
has released footage of its operations
in Rafa it says soldiers have killed a
number of Palestinian fighters in the
talal sultan area mik Lael Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer